<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	template="templates/template.xhtml">

	<ui:define name="metadata">
	</ui:define>
	<ui:define name="content">
		<p:galleria value="#{imagesView.images}" var="image" panelWidth="1000"
			panelHeight="250" effect="slide" effectSpeed="50"
			transitionInterval="10000">
                    <p:graphicImage name="images/#{image}"  url="images/#{image}"
				alt="Welcome to Confonet - E-Filing System  images/#{image}" />
		</p:galleria>
		<p:accordionPanel>
			<p:tab title="ABOUT US">
				<h:panelGrid columns="1" cellpadding="10">
					<h:outputText
						value="Test Content. Need to replace with this project requirement. Test Content. Need to replace with this project requirement.Test Content. Need to replace with this project requirement.Test Content. Need to replace with this project requirement.Test Content. Need to replace with this project requirement.Test Content. Need to replace with this project requirement.Test Content. Need to replace with this project requirement.Test Content. Need to replace with this project requirement.Test Content. Need to replace with this project requirement.Test Content. Need to replace with this project requirement.Test Content. Need to replace with this project requirement.Test Content. Need to replace with this project requirement.Test Content. Need to replace with this project requirement.Test Content. Need to replace with this project requirement.Test Content. Need to replace with this project requirement.Test Content. Need to replace with this project requirement.Test Content. Need to replace with this project requirement.Test Content. Need to replace with this project requirement.Test Content. Need to replace with this project requirement.Test Content. Need to replace with this project requirement.Test Content. Need to replace with this project requirement.Test Content. Need to replace with this project requirement." />
				</h:panelGrid>
			</p:tab>
			<p:tab title="HISTORY">
				<h:panelGrid columns="1" cellpadding="10">
					<h:outputText
						value="Test Content. Need to replace with this project requirement. Test Content. Need to replace with this project requirement.Test Content. Need to replace with this project requirement.Test Content. Need to replace with this project requirement.Test Content. Need to replace with this project requirement.Test Content. Need to replace with this project requirement.Test Content. Need to replace with this project requirement.Test Content. Need to replace with this project requirement.Test Content. Need to replace with this project requirement.Test Content. Need to replace with this project requirement.Test Content. Need to replace with this project requirement.Test Content. Need to replace with this project requirement.Test Content. Need to replace with this project requirement.Test Content. Need to replace with this project requirement.Test Content. Need to replace with this project requirement.Test Content. Need to replace with this project requirement.Test Content. Need to replace with this project requirement.Test Content. Need to replace with this project requirement.Test Content. Need to replace with this project requirement.Test Content. Need to replace with this project requirement.Test Content. Need to replace with this project requirement.Test Content. Need to replace with this project requirement.... " />
					<p:link value="Read More" href="">
					</p:link>
				</h:panelGrid>
			</p:tab>
			<p:tab title="RIGHT TO INFORMATION ACT - 2005">
				<h:panelGrid columns="1" cellpadding="10">
					<!-- 					<p:graphicImage name="demo/images/godfather/godfather3.jpg" /> -->
					<h:outputText
						value="The Right to Information Act (RTI) is an Act of the Parliament of India &quot;
						to provide for setting out the practical regime of right to
						information for citizens &quot; and replaces the erstwhile Freedom of
						information Act, 2002.The Act applies to all States and Union
						Territories of India except Jammu &amp; Kashmir. Under the provisions
						of the Act, any citizen may request information from a &quot;public
						authority&quot; (a body of Government or &quot;instrumentality of
						State&quot;) which is required to reply expeditiously or within thirty
						days. The Act also requires every public authority to computerise
						their records for wide dissemination and to proactively certain
						categories of information so that the citizens need minimum
						recourse to request for information formally.It is an initiative
						taken by the Department of Personnel and Training, Ministry of
						Personnel, Public Grievances and Pensions..." />
					<p:link value="Read More" href="">
					</p:link>
				</h:panelGrid>
			</p:tab>
		</p:accordionPanel>
	</ui:define>
</ui:composition>